for innocent child because of a bullet
lost
shot by his father he did not think
that his at his side was my father
quickly his father the best he knew
at the moment that happened to him and the child in
his eyes wished
because of a stray bullet please
do not open fire
a bullet more than the air
[Music]
again a bad pass
they were very loose with him a government
wrapped who would say that a
dead infant was thrown without conscience
stick after stick they took out the cross and
they left they did not take into account and
much less did they notice that the chest of
I nene the shots through one more bullet
I want to die innocent tonight
joy to spend it as a family and
consciousness his son is now in
the mention because of people who
they act without conscience the family and
authorities allege that because of fault with
a bullet an innocent in the absence my
brother is very sad for losing a being
dear on this beautiful day today
consolation I give you I love it very much
happiness
while singing
I do not want more bullets in the air take
conscience because he suffers from evils
I just want a lot of happiness today in this
Christmas
I feel what's left of Christmas for
blame for a bullet takes away fatherhood
by those in the community
and with a stray bullet
[Music]
when
it goes
one more bullet in the air
Oh
equal to more to the air that you already forgot by the
payment for a mother and a father
happening
a good list and see the good quality
sound thank you and also my negligence
the one who believed that he was my friend in
reality was good friend leaving by
above the friendship that the family
that man's guilt I regret for
the days thinking of my children lying around
on the floor remembering that moment
Repent of beliefs
[Music]
me real and others
there is quality music concept
to the
[Music]
all right
Y
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
Y
to
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
to
[Music]
i
ah